

Switching:
-----------

We have 4 switches in the setup:

    1.  Contractor Reset
    2.  Roboteq Control Power
    3.  Emergency Brake On.
    4.  Inverter Switch.
    5.  Electonize bypass switch

Switches 1,2,3 should be accessible - either on the ControlPod (1,2) or as a
lanyard (3).

  -- Pressing Switch #1 (Push to Break/Make) will drop 12V accross the
     Contactor-Reset terminals of the contactor, causing it to reset and turning off
     the 48V supply to the Roboteq. This will stop the power to the motors, but not
     engage the brakes.

  -- Switch #2 is a toggle switch that either provides 12V or
     Ground to the Ctrl-Power input to the Roboteq. When the Roboteq is off, the
     brakes will be engaged.

  -- Switch #3 (possibly a lanyard) can be used to turn on
     the brakes. There is a feedback loop to the roboteq that also cuts the drive to
     the motors if this is detected.

  -- Switch #4 should be out of the way (near the charging port), can be used to
     turn the wheelchair completely off when its not being used. This is *NOT* an
     emergency off - since it will turn off the 12V needed by push switch #1 needed
     to turn off the safety-contactor.

  -- Switch #5 should also be out of the way (next to switch #4? )can be used to
     bypass the Electronize. The Electronize is a failsafe mechanism to turn off the
     chair in case of problem while operating it remotely.  We want to be able to
     bypass this because if the user is in the chair, and there is a problem with
     the wireless, then the brakes will suddenly turn on, which would be bad if the
     user were pacing along at the time.

TODO:
------
0/ Go through Chpt1 of Roboteq manual.
1/ Diodes to avoid regeneration.
2/ Current sensors.


Clarifications:
---------------
1/ In BM3, are the inverters always on?

Issues:
-------
1/ Thickness of cable in general. Max current of 300A (2x150A) at peak.
2/ Current capacity of 
        * Circuit breaker (only rated to 12V?)
        * Contactor
3/ Difference between current-sensors - the ones shown vs the 'round-the-cable' type sensors.
4/ Solid state relay for brakes - should be driven from output of electronize?




